this past summer finished mobile phone
maker nokia pick their very own Michigan
Avenue for its fancy flagship store it's
the first in the United States and
second in the world behind only Moscow
this flagship store offers a few
cutting-edge phones before they can be
found elsewhere of course calling these
mobile devices phones doesn't really do
them justice at this point we're looking
at convergence so the ability to put a
camera with Zeiss optics into a phone
that also has wireless LAN capabilities
so you can surf the web on it all of a
sudden that's convergence now you're
looking at carrying one device instead
of two or maybe even free as an example
of the interactive nature of this store
you can send a text message that will
end up on the interactive screen so
within a minute your text message not
only shows up here in the store in
Chicago but also in the flagship store
in New York while Chicago and New York
stores are now open in the United States
the flagship concept will eventually
land in 18 cities worldwide in terms of
ambiance the stores feel just as
trend-setting as the products on display
it does kind of seem like a dance club
if we go back into the Virgin rounds it
kind of looks like a high-end jewelry
store or a boutique that you see on Oak
Street as opposed to maybe Michigan
Avenue the ultra high-end virtue brand
phone start at five thousand dollars no
plastic whatsoever is used in the
construction and only a diamond can
scratch the face speaking of diamonds
this fifty nine thousand dollar model
features 940 of them adding up to 6.6
carrots